---
title: "Excerpt Collections for Writing"
date: 2023-08-14T15:34:30-04:00
categories:
  - Writing
tags:
  - Academic Writing
---

Some elegant expressions I came across through reading.

## b
> The creators of Froot Loops pizza are **basking in the attention**.

bask in
1. to enjoy the good feelings that you have when other people praise or admire you, or when they give you a lot of attention

## e
> The Cancer Genome Atlas is by far the largest **endeavor** in the USA to collect and analyze the tumor specimens from over 10,000 cancer patients. 

endeavor
1. verb (used without object)  
to exert oneself to do or effect something; make an effort; strive; to attempt; try:
_(We must constantly endeavor if we are to succeed.)_
_(He endeavors to keep things neat in his apartment.)_

2. noun
a strenuous effort; attempt.


## g

>  A **gamut** of software tools has been developed

gamut n.
1. the whole series of recognized musical notes
2. an entire range or series  
_(run the gamut from praise to contempt)_

## m
> which can be **manifested** by various genomic assays mentioned above

manifest
1. adj. clear or obvious to the eye or mind.
2. v. display or show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate.

## p
> From textile looms to locally produced aircraft and motor vehicles, this museum is both a fascinating journey through the city’s glory days, and a **peek** into the future.

From...to..., (sth) is both .... and a peek into ...

> For years, there has been a sense that Hollywood is on the **precipice** of a change that never arrives.

precipice n.
cliff

## r
>The president is **riding the wave** of recent economic growth.

ride a wave: to experience a time when many people share a strong feeling or attitude about something at the same time

## s
> In other words, whatever inborn differences two people may exhibit in their abilities to memorize, those differences are **swamped** by how well each person "encodes" the information.

> If there are organics hidden under the Martian surface... Phoenix will be able to **sniff them out** with a soil-analyzing instrument called TEGA.

swamp
1. n. a forested wetland; a situation fraught with difficulties and imponderables.
2. v. dench, submerge, flood.

## other phrases
There's no getting around... 
1. something cannot be refused or denied, that it is definitely true.
_(There's no getting around the fact that we need to cut costs.)_

